Hey guys, in this video I want to create
uh a nice video like this with 15
seconds
uh audio
and I put this image to create this nice
15 image with
>> into my channel. Here you'll find quick
powerful content.
>> Okay, 15 seconds.
>> Subscribe and level up your
>> Okay, let's
uh Okay, first thing first. Uh open the
confi
run it.
Okay let's add this workflow
and drag it like this. Okay. When you
add this workflow this workflow is uh
have has missing nodes this float and
the audio cor uh group. Okay. Close
this. And how to add this? You have to
go to the manager install missing custom
orers
install both of them
and the problem is fixed.
Select.
Okay. This message is compil
default channel can be installed. Uh
install this one. We must restart.
Now it's installing. is downloading the
requirements and stopping that. Okay,
it's finished. Now let's confirm that
and as you can see uh the page is uh
refreshed automatically
refreshed another time. Uh okay
to use this model we have to stop those
files diffusion model uh LTXP2 would
have zero of keyboard. Okay, how to
unstart those moders. Okay,
it's simple to use. Must click right
there and download.
After that, the downloading is right
right here. Okay, fine. Downloading. I
already download those files. This first
one. Okay, let's see one one by one. We
have to go here. Compi
uh model.
Okay, the first one the fusion mode.
This is the place of our model. Where is
diffusion model is? Okay. And this one
uh this thing is the lower I have to
download. Downloading is starting
for me download please in the uh las.
Okay. As you can see they have to go
here to modus. This is my lura
jama 3 uh billion
go here download for me already
downloaded and place
here this this text encoder and clip
let's see
clear
okay it already exists right here
okay
those version LTX2 embedding connector
Please include it's existed can download
and place here in this folder. Audio and
video
v we have to place those files uh not
only one file we have four files
download both of them and place uh right
here in the ve
as you can see I placed those files
here.
Uh after that we have the special apps
clearer app upcaler.
Okay we have to place it in latent
appscape modus. You must download this
file and let's see where is this latent
upscale model is
okay this one. Okay already placed here.
Now the f final one is tiny v4 previews.
You must place this fine in the vie
approx.
Okay, this one. Okay, fine. After that
we have to freeze the pages like this.
And the first step is finished.
Uh now after that let's move to the
second step. After uh downloading those
moders and adding those places we have
to go right here and make a verification
by selecting this file. As you can see
here have the three files
we have I'm
added
uh 19 billion right here. Okay. Fine.
Fine.
Zema 3. Where is Zema 3?
This connector.
Okay. Fine.
L
fine.
And this one is fine. Uh second step is
done. Now we have to load our image in
this place.
And I put right here the length of this
fit view is uh 361 uh frames. Let's see
the calculator.
Okay, 361
divided by 24.
Okay, it's 15 seconds. The l of this uh
video around 15 seconds. The width of
the image is as you can see. Let's make
if you have 12 GB of VM or less make it
like us. If you have you want to make
portrait like us.
Okay. 15 seconds. We have to upload your
uh audio right. Okay. Let's add our
image and let's add our audio.
>> Okay. Let's add our image like this.
Okay. You can choose file to upload.
Okay. Go to desktop. This my image is
YouTube.
Uh for the prompt I want to use.
Okay. Let's go here to desktop.
Okay. This one I want to use this uh
anime style for the lip signing. Not
this uh I want adjust a video like I as
you can see. Okay, let's remove this
and copy all of those past in the
prompt.
Uh after that uh we have to add our
audio here.
Okay, this is my audio.
Welcome to my channel. Here you'll find
quick powerful content about this is my
audio as you can see. And now
let's hit run.
The work is begin.
Uh welcome to my channel. Here you'll
find quick, powerful content about
gaming, AI tools, Unreal Engine, and
tech tutorials, all designed to help you
learn fast and create smarter. Subscribe
and level up your skills in just
minutes. Welcome. As you can see, this
is my video.
Uh,
using this is good to create this nice
video. I add image as you can see. and
audio. And this is the re result. Thank
you guys for watching. This is all for
this story.